[TASK] Mention possibilities to protect AJAX routes (#6022)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Backend/Ajax.rst

..  attention::
    Flushing caches is mandatory after modifying any route definition.

..  _protect-ajax-endpoint:

Protect the endpoint
====================

..  important::

>     AJAX routes are **not protected by default** and need proper permission

Reviewer: That is not really correct ("not protected by default"), previously any authenticated backend user can access those AJAX routes, the part states implicitely, that also non-authenticated users may access those AJAX routes. At least, I read the commit message that way:
https://review.typo3.org/c/Packages/TYPO3.CMS/+/90624

IMHO we should clarify that.

Author: Thanks, you're right, it's not precise enough. What about:

```suggestion
    AJAX routes are **accessible to all authenticated backend users** by default and need proper permission
```

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me
